Emit events on cm/secret udpates (#755)
giantswarm/app-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Emit events when configMaps/secrets referenced in App CRs updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Emit events when config maps and secrets referenced in App CRs are updated.
```
